chore(vue): enable strict type checking in vue and vue-router (#31320)
driftyco/ionic: docs/vue-router/testing.md

## Tests

> * This package has no unit tests of its own. Its behavior is covered by the `@ionic/vue` test app, in `packages/vue/test/base/tests`. See [Vue Testing](../vue/testing.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This package has no unit tests of its own. Its behavior is covered by the `@ionic/vue` test app, in `packages/vue/test/base/tests`. Refer to [Vue Testing](../vue/testing.md).
```
